Hello!

My name is Greg and I am writing this brief introduction to this UConn thesis
template developed by Marcos Prates '11.

The general structure of a thesis is a single document that is broken up into
several sections. The first few sections cover various "house keeping" tasks,
things like the title, abstract, dedication, acknowledgments, table of
contents, etc... Then there are several chapters that each cover different
parts of the thesis. Typically, the first chapter is a literature review,
the next 2-3 chapters cover the major topics of the thesis, and then there
is usually a concluding chapter discussing the findings and future directions
of the work contained in the thesis.

This template gives you the basic structure for constructing all of the main
components using LaTeX. The thesis.tex file lays out the general structure of
the thesis, while the main parts of each section (i.e. the chapters, the
abstract, etc..) are contained in separate files. When you call LaTeX to
compile thesis.tex, LaTeX will include the details from the separate files
using the "\input" and "\include{}" commands.

If you are using a Linux or Mac machine, to compile the thesis document, all
you will have to do is use the Makefile (which is included) by typing "make"
into the bash shell. If you'd like to remove all of the extra files (including
thesis.pdf), you can call "make clean". For more information on Makefiles and
how they work, please consult online tutorials.
If you are using a Windows machine, any normal latex editor should work.
Simply open up thesis.tex and run the compilation command.

This concludes my little introduction to this Thesis template. If you have
more questions about using LaTeX, using natbib (the citation/bibliography
handler), using Makefiles, or compiling multiple files with LaTeX, don't
forget to search for resources online. These tools have been around for a
while now, so there are some great tutorials out there to show you how to use
them.

Happy Writing and Good Luck!

- Greg